In this lecture, you're going to learn how to work with zip files in python.
So, from the zip file module. Let's import
the zip file class, now we create a zip file object,
let's call that file, .zip, then as
the second argument we pass, w, short for write, because we're going to
write to the zip file. So this statement will create this file,
in our current folder, let's get a reference to the zip file, and store it
here, or we could call it zip for shorter,
now let's say we want to get all the files in this ecommerce directory
and write them to this zip file. That is pretty easy. So,
we create a path object to reference the ecommerce directory
and then call rglob method,
to recursively find all the files
in this directory and all is true. And as you know this returns a
generator, so we iterate over it, or path
in. And then call zip.write.path.
And finally we should call closed
method. Now if something goes wrong here chances
are the statement may not be called, so we should either use a
try finally block, or the with statement which is shorter and cleaner.
So, with the ZipFile,
has zip, now we indent everything here,
and we don't need to call the close method. Let's save the changes
and run this program, now we have a zip file here,
files.zip, so let's go ahead and read its content. So back in app
.py. I'm going to comment out these few lines
this time we're going to create a zip file that is
files.zip but we're not going to open this in the write mode because we
only want to read from it. So this object has a
method called name list which returns the list of all
the files in this zip file. So let's print this
list run the program, so
these are all the files, we have in the zip file. We can get information
about any of these files, for example let me copy this here
then all zip.getinfo
and pass the address of this file. This
returns an info object, from this we can print
info.file underline size
we also have info.compress size.
Let's look at the result. So in this case we
don't have compression because we're dealing with a really simple file.
Now finally to extract all the files from the zip file,
we called  zip.extract all
and optionally specify a different directory to extract to.
So here let's extract this into this extract
directory, now here we have this
extract directory with the content of the ecommerce directory that we
compressed into a zip file.